Wife, let's get along
Don't you have to go to work? Are you busy with work?
Idle with me every day
Before the storm
All very quiet
Is something about to happen?
Lily, I won't tell you.
No matter what happens
You have to keep yourself safe, you know?
Don't worry, wife.
Here comes the storm
It's not us who are hurt
It's their Xu family
After the storm
The Xu family will cease to exist
Li Yi
Mr. Huang, why are you here?
What's the matter?
Wife, I'll go out first
Be right back
Well, get busy.
You don't have to come to me every day, Mr. Wang
Let's have tea first
What's the matter?
Tell me slowly, how can I be in the mood to drink tea now?
The Xu family has been modest recently
I won several major projects in succession
Go on like this
We have no place in the river
Mr. Huang
Promised actions
It's all from me